refactor(example): enhance example for public inputs validation (#1195)
yetanotherco/aligned_layer: docs/3_guides/3_validating_public_input.md

> In some applications, it is crucial to ensure that a third party has performed a computation correctly and to make use of the result of that computation. To achieve this, the third party must first interact with Aligned and obtain the `AlignedVerificationData`, a receipt indicating that the proof of the computation was verified correctly. The application should then receive both the `AlignedVerificationData` and the result of the computation. After confirming that the proof was verified by Aligned, it must check that the posted result matches the one committed in the `AlignedVerificationData`.

Reviewer: `should first interact with Aligned and obtain the AlignedVerificationData` , is this the SDK ?

Author: Added here [d46cc30](https://github.com/yetanotherco/aligned_layer/pull/1195/commits/d46cc3023886b614612faac4613bc73ecb27ee50)!

> This guide demonstrates how to validate a Risc0 and SP1 proofs using the Aligned SDK. The program in this example is a Fibonacci sequence calculator. It generates a public input that corresponds to the number of fibonacci being calculated and the last two Fibonacci numbers of the sequence, taken modulo 7919. Our goal is to validate, within a smart contract, that the public input commitments match these two numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide demonstrates how to validate Risc0 and SP1 proofs using the Aligned SDK. The program in this example is a Fibonacci sequence calculator. It generates a public input that corresponds to the number of fibonacci being calculated and the last two Fibonacci numbers of the sequence, taken modulo 7919. Our goal is to validate, within a smart contract, that the public input commitments match these two numbers.
```

Author: Fixed here: [20b8aae](https://github.com/yetanotherco/aligned_layer/pull/1195/commits/20b8aae8b3512f3225b119c142cfb7840e284a1f)!

## Generate your ZK Proof

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> To generate the proof ensure you have [docker](https://www.docker.com/get-started/) installed and the docker daemon running.
> This is necessary to ensure deterministic builds of the binary we want to generate a proof of. If not used, builds may differ depending on the system you are running on. To know more about this, check [this link](https://dev.risczero.com/terminology#deterministic-builds) from RiscZero docs or [this](https://docs.succinct.xyz/writing-programs/compiling.html#advanced-build-options-1) from SP1.

To submit proofs to **Aligned** and get them verified, you first need to generate those proofs. Every proving system has its own method for generating proofs.

Examples on how to generate proofs can be found in the [generating proofs guide](4_generating_proofs.md).

To generate the proof required for this example, run the following commands:

- For **Risc0**: `make generate_risc0_fibonacci_proof`
- For **SP1**: `make generate_sp1_fibonacci_proof`

> Once completed, you will see output that includes the program ID, the public inputs (which are the initial number and the last two Fibonacci numbers of the sequence), and the verification result, like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once completed, you will see output that includes the program ID, the public inputs (which are the number of steps in the sequence and the last two Fibonacci numbers of the sequence), and the verification result, like so:
```

Author: Fixed here: [20b8aae](https://github.com/yetanotherco/aligned_layer/pull/1195/commits/20b8aae8b3512f3225b119c142cfb7840e284a1f)!
